DOC Add extra detail to the Image Lazy Loading doc (#10049)
silverstripe/silverstripe-framework: docs/en/04_Changelogs/4.9.0.md

### Image lazy loading {#image-lazy-loading}

Most modern browsers support the ability to "lazy load" images. When an image is configured to be 
lazy loaded, browsers will only request the image once it's about to be visible to the users. This 
reduces the initial rendering time for pages. 

Silverstripe CMS 4.9 lazy loads most images by default. You have the options to opt-out of this 
behaviour globally or on specific image instances.

This feature was implemented in partnership with Google.

Read [Browser-level image lazy-loading for the web](https://web.dev/browser-level-image-lazy-loading/)

> on _web.dev_ more information.

Author: This intro is for decision makers that don't care too much about the technical details.

Reviewer: From v4.9 Silverstripe CMS lazy loads...

### Image lazy loading {#image-lazy-loading}

Most modern browsers support the ability to "lazy load" images. When an image is configured to be 
lazy loaded, browsers will only request the image once it's about to be visible to the users. This 
reduces the initial rendering time for pages. 

> From v4.9, Silverstripe CMS lazy loads most images by default. You have the options to opt-out of this 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
From v4.9, Silverstripe CMS will lazy load most images by default. You have options available to opt-out of this 
```

Author: Changelogs should be intemporal ... that's why I think we should avoid using the future tense and default to present tense. I've updated the rest of the changelog accordingly.

  lazy_loading_enabled: false
```

#### How content authors can interact with image lazy loading

Content authors can disable lazy loading on images added via the HTML editor field in the 

> ***Insert media*** dialog by setting the new ***Loading*** field to ***Eager***.

Author: Need to add a link to the user help doc here

Reviewer: I don't think we need to say 'new', as this text will end up being in there for years to come.
